while the king sent them to gather all
the elders of Judah and Jerusalem to him
the king went up to the house of the
Lord with all the men of Judah and with
him all the inhabitants of Jerusalem the
priests and the prophets and all the
people both small and great and he read
in their hearing all the words of the
book of the Covenant which had been
found in the house of the Lord then the
King stood by a pillar and made a
covenant before the Lord to follow the
Lord and to keep his Commandments and
his testimonies and his statutes with
all his heart and all his soul to
perform the words of this covenant that
were written in this book and all the
people took a stand for the covenant and
the king commanded he'll hire the high
priests the priests of the second order
and the doorkeepers to bring out of the
temple of the Lord all the Articles that
were made for bail for Ashera and for
all the hosts of heaven and he burned
them outside Jerusalem in the fields of
Kidron and carried their ashes to Bethel
then he removed the idolatrous priests
whom the kings of Judah had ordained to
burn incense on the high places in the
cities of Judah and in the places all
around Jerusalem and those who burnt
incense to bail to the Sun to the moon
to the constellations and to all the
hosts of heaven and he brought out the
wooden image from the house of the Lord
to the brook kidron outside Jerusalem
burned it at the brook kidron and
grounded to ashes and threw its ashes on
the graves of the common people then he
tore down the ritual booths of the
perverted persons that were in the house
of the Lord where the women wove
hangings for the wooden image and he
brought all the priests from the cities
of Judah and defiled the high places
where the priests had burned incense
from giba to Beersheba also he broke
down the high places at the gates which
were at the entrance of the gate of
Joshua the governor of the city which
were to the left of the city gate
nevertheless the priests of the high
places did not come up to the altar of
the Lord in Jerusalem but they ate
unleavened bread among their brethren
and he defiled toefl which is in the
valley of the son of Hinnom that no man
might make his son or his daughter pass
through the fire to Molech then he
removed the horses that the kings of
Judah had dedicated to the Sun at the
entrance to the house of the Lord by the
chamber of Nathan meaning the officer
who was in the court and he burned the
chariots of the son with fire the altars
that were on the roof the upper chamber
of a house which the kings of Judah had
made
and the altars which Manasseh had made
in the two courts of the house of the
Lord the King broke down and pulverized
there and threw their dust into the
brook kidron then the King defiled the
high places that were east of Jerusalem
which were on the south of the Mount of
corruption which Solomon king of Israel
had built for ashteroth the abomination
of the sidonians
pequi much the abomination of the
Moabites and for Milkin the abomination
of the people of ammon he broke in
pieces the sacred pillars and cut down
the wooden images and filled their
places with the bones of men
moreover the altar that was at Bethel
and the high place which Jeroboam the
son of Nebat
who made Israel sin had made both that
altar and the high place he broke down
and he burned the high place and crushed
it to powder and burn the wooden image
as Josiah turned he saw the tombs that
were there on the mountain and he sent
and took the bones out of the tombs and
burned them on the altar and defiled it
according to the word of the Lord which
the man of God proclaimed who proclaimed
these words then he said what grave
stone is this that I see so the men of
the city told him it is the tomb of the
man of God who came from Judah and
proclaimed these things which you have
done against the altar of Bethel let him
alone let no one move his bones so they
let his bones alone with the bones of
the prophet who came from Samaria
now Josiah also took away all the
shrines of the high places that were in
the cities of Samaria which the kings of
Israel had made to provoke the law to
anger and he did to them according to
all the deeds he had done in Bethel he
executed all the priests of the high
places who were there on
the altars and burned men's bones on
them and he returned to Jerusalem then
the king commanded all the people keep
the Passover to the Lord your God as it
is written in this book of the Covenant
such a Passover surely had never been
held since the days of the judges who
judged Israel or in all the days of the
kings of Israel and the kings of Judah
but in the 18th year of King Josiah this
Passover was held before the Lord in
Jerusalem
moreover Josiah put away those who
consulted mediums and spiritists the
household gods and idols all the
abominations that were seen in the land
of Judah and in Jerusalem that he might
perform the words of the law which were
written in the book that he'll Kyah the
priests found in the house of the Lord
now before him there was no king like
him who turned to the Lord with all his
heart with all his soul and with all his
might according to all the law of Moses
nor after him
did any arise like you nevertheless the
Lord did not turn from the fierceness of
his great Roth with which his anger was
aroused against Judah because of all the
provocations with which Manasseh had
provoked him and the Lord said
I will also remove Judah from my sight
as I have removed Israel and will cast
off this city Jerusalem which I have
chosen and the house of which I said my
name shall be there now the rest of the
acts of Josiah and all that he did are
they not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of Judah in his
days Pharaoh nikko king of Egypt went to
the aid of the king of Assyria to the
river Euphrates and King Josiah went
against him and Pharaoh nikko killed him
at Megiddo when he confronted him then
his servants moved his body in a chariot
from Megiddo brought him to Jerusalem
and buried him in his own team
and the people of the land took jehovah
has the son of Josiah anointed him and
made him King in his father's place
jehovah has was 23 years old when he
became King and he reigned three months
in Jerusalem his mother's name was a
mute oh the daughter of Jeremiah of
Lebanon and he did evil in the sight of
the Lord according to all that his
fathers had done now Pharaoh nikko put
him in prison at rib ler in the land of
Hema 'the that he might not reign in
Jerusalem and he imposed on the land a
tribute of one hundred talents of silver
and a talent of gold then Pharaoh Nico
made aliyah Kim the son of Josiah King
in place of his father Josiah and
changed his name to Jehoiakim and
Pharaoh took jehoahaz and went to Egypt
and he died there so Jehoiakim gave the
silver and gold to Pharaoh but he taxed
the land to give money according to the
command of Pharaoh he exacted the silver
and gold from the people of a land from
everyone according to his assessment to
give it to pharaoh nico Jehoiakim was 25
years old when he became King and he
reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his
mother's name was
Zeb Yuda the daughter of the Daiya of
rumor and he did evil in the sight of
the Lord according to all that his
father's had done
you